README.md, before:

﻿# 🚦 NeoRPC

**Discord Rich Presence integration for NeoRadar.**  
Bring your ATC sessions to life with dynamic Discord status updates!

---

## ✨ Features

- 🎲 **Idle Quotes**
  <br>
  <img width="271" height="114" alt="Capture d'écran 2025-08-23 204255" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69e661e6-0a93-4a13-8c39-5cdecf1b4329" />
  <img width="271" height="115" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/092c8686-57b6-472b-a4d7-a0a94dcb1fc2" />


- 👀 **Observer Status**
  <br>
  <img width="265" height="103" alt="Observer" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88a71d83-d8b3-4465-8791-3e59e5449640" />

- 🛫 **Controlling Status**
  <br>
  <img width="270" height="115" alt="Controlling 1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/910dee72-b862-444e-9c3e-26d6ab9a3451" />
  <img width="270" height="115" alt="Controlling 2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b05c197a-0e75-433c-a6f9-455419e6373f" />

- 🔄 **Dynamic Display**
  <br>
  <img width="300" height="120" alt="Dynamic" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b022a507-4675-47b4-8db0-e3370a6b4e3d" />
  <img width="288" height="121" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/787654ac-38d9-4bf2-be9a-11e6b0a185cf" />


---

## 🚀 Getting Started
`git clone https://github.com/AlexisBalzano/NeoRPC.git` <br>
`cd NeoRPC`<br>
`cmake -B build -G`<br>
`Ninja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release`<br>
`cmake --build build`

---

## 🛠 Requirements

- C++23 compiler
- CMake >= 3.14 (tested with 3.31.6-msvc6)
- Ninja build system

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Pull requests and suggestions are welcome!  
Feel free to open an issue for bugs or feature requests.

---

Commit message:

Revise README for getting started and requirements
Updated getting started instructions and removed requirements section.

README.md, after:

﻿# 🚦 NeoRPC

**Discord Rich Presence integration for NeoRadar.**  
Bring your ATC sessions to life with dynamic Discord status updates!

---

## ✨ Features

- 🎲 **Idle Quotes**
  <br>
  <img width="271" height="114" alt="Capture d'écran 2025-08-23 204255" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69e661e6-0a93-4a13-8c39-5cdecf1b4329" />
  <img width="271" height="115" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/092c8686-57b6-472b-a4d7-a0a94dcb1fc2" />


- 👀 **Observer Status**
  <br>
  <img width="265" height="103" alt="Observer" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88a71d83-d8b3-4465-8791-3e59e5449640" />

- 🛫 **Controlling Status**
  <br>
  <img width="270" height="115" alt="Controlling 1" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/910dee72-b862-444e-9c3e-26d6ab9a3451" />
  <img width="270" height="115" alt="Controlling 2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b05c197a-0e75-433c-a6f9-455419e6373f" />

- 🔄 **Dynamic Display**
  <br>
  <img width="300" height="120" alt="Dynamic" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b022a507-4675-47b4-8db0-e3370a6b4e3d" />
  <img width="288" height="121" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/787654ac-38d9-4bf2-be9a-11e6b0a185cf" />


---

## 🚀 Getting Started
- **Download** latest `release` <br>
- **Place it** in `NeoRadar/Plugin` directory<br>
- **Load** the plugin inside NeoRadar

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Pull requests and suggestions are welcome!  
Feel free to open an issue for bugs or feature requests.

---
